@CREDITS







MEDIEVAL MILLENNIUM
by Knighttime








ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS



TEST OF TIME PATCH PROJECT (TOTPP)
A huge thank you to TheNamelessOne for
creating and releasing TOTPP. Without his
foundational work, the vast majority of the
unique features found in Medieval
Millennium would not be possible.



QUALITY ASSURANCE AND TESTING
Sincere thanks to Tootall_2012 for providing
valuable playtesting feedback, pointing out
numerous bugs and inconsistencies, serving
as a terrific sounding board for my ideas,
and making many helpful recommendations.

Thank you also to PolarBear71 for testing
and proofreading, and to JPetroski for
testing and various suggestions.

Their support and encouragement at various
points during the project are greatly
appreciated.



GRAPHICS
Thank you to the many talented individuals
in the Civ II community who have so
willingly shared their work over the years,
especially Catfish, Fairline, and Tanelorn.

Every attempt was made to preserve the
signatures of artists within the icon image
files.

Not all artwork could be definitively
sourced, and I sincerely apologize to anyone
whose work is included in this scenario
without appropriate credit. If you notice
any graphics in this scenario that you
designed, please contact me on
Civfanatics.com, and I would be very happy
to credit you here or make other
arrangements if necessary.



LUA
Thank you to Prof. Garfield for his
responsiveness on the Civfanatics forums,
and for various tips and recommendations
incorporated into the events.

Specific sources for some sections of event
code are cited and credited directly within
the events files.

























@END
